feat: add support-cron-scheduler documentation (#1369)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/support/cronScheduler/Purpose.md

---
title: Support Cron Scheduler - Purpose
---

# Support Cron Scheduler - Purpose

![image](EdgeX_SupportingServicesScheduling.png)

The support cron scheduler microservice provides a mechanism that can kick off operations in any EdgeX service.

At a configuration specified time or a crontab expression scheduled time, the service calls on any EdgeX service via REST, EdgeX Message Bus, or Device Control to trigger an operation.

> A transmission record will be created for each operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A schedule action record will be created for each operation.
```
